Authorship 6.0.1 quick code summary



Create - generates list of 1,008 encrypted items. Your # is a hash of that list.

Modify - generates a NEW list of 1,008 encrypted items to get you a new #, which
         is a hash of this new list. Now your old # is modified to represent the
         new number; select keys to the old list are written to a file which you
         publish.  This arrangement of  presence and absence  of keys represents
         your new number as well as an 80-character message of your choice.

Verify - I had already saved a copy of your # from step 1. Now that you modified
         it on your end, you published the public file (generated every time you
         modify.)  So I verify that the modification of your # is sound;
         
         The public file you published actually contains all of the  1,008 items
         you encrypted in step 1.  So I take the list hash and compare that with
         my copy of your # I already retain.  If my copy of your # really is the
         hash of the list you just published then I also check if all  560  keys
         included in your file unlock 560 of those 1,008 encrypted items.
         
         If the keys work, their presence and absence reveal a coded message. It
         is 112 characters long--first 32 are your new # exactly as you had made
         it in step 2. The remaining  80  characters are your message exactly as
         you had typed it in step 2.   (Decrypts 5 of every 9 contiguous items.)
         
         Seeing that everything checks out,  I overwrite  my copy of your old  #
         with this new #, & read your  80-character message if you included one.
         That message can be  hash  of YouTube videos you choose to authenticate
         this way, where deep fakes on your behalf remain cryptographically free
         of your authorship.



Contracts & group authorization

Govern - essentially, it's all option 1 as above except multiple users privately
         generate inadequate quantities of  encrypted items  (functions) so that
         if those items were together they list a total of 1,008 items. Multiple
         participants use option 4 privately and govern keys as a group.
         
Secure - everyone shares their encrypted items with everyone else,  so that each
         group member can privately assemble the full list of 1,008 and take its
         hash. Now they have a  number  to compare with everyone else. If anyone
         reports number mismatch,  the operation restarts with  option 4 because
         the reporter's encrypted items were not included in someone's list. All
         members are called  oracles  while some impartial judge is appointed to
         manage modification of this number.
         
Settle - the appointed judge calls for the modification of this number, which no
         oracle can modify on their own.  Now each oracle independently verifies
         that the modification would be just. For example,  personal visits to a
         crop-insured farm where each  oracle  having seen  dry land,  justifies
         releasing their keys to the judge so he can modify the number.  In this
         case, modification had to do with  forcible insurance payout,  as value
         can be pre-assigned to the number involved.  That number now represents
         another belonging to the farmer of  land without rain.  Option 6 allows
         judges to create what option 1 creates,  using encrypted items and keys
         from multiple sources.
